addressing Ben's final comments (#28)
tlswg/certificate-compression: draft-ietf-tls-certificate-compression.md

  enforce limits on the message size before performing decompression.

compressed_certificate_message
: The result of applying the indicated compression algorithm to the encoded

>   Certificate message that would be sent if certificate compression was not

Reviewer: would have been...?  (also, "were not in use"?)

>   Certificate message that would have be sent if certificate compression were not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Certificate message that would have been sent if certificate compression was not
```

It is possible to define a certificate compression algorithm that uses a
pre-shared dictionary to achieve higher compression ratio.  This document does
not define any such algorithms, but additional codepoints may be allocated for

> such use per the policy in section 7.3.

Reviewer: Could you replace this with a `{{section_name}}` reference?

If the received CompressedCertificate message cannot be decompressed, the

> connection MUST terminate the connection with the "bad_certificate" alert.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
connection MUST be terminated with the "bad_certificate" alert.
```

> connection MUST terminate the connection with the "bad_certificate" alert.

Reviewer: This currently says "connection MUST terminate the connection"

have the same security properties as they would have in TLS normally.

In order for certificate compression to function correctly, the underlying

> compression algorithm and it MUST output the same data

Reviewer: remove "and"
